Add role and participants + edits (#9)
soispoke/EIPs: EIPS/eip-FOCIL.md

A set of validators is selected from the beacon committee to become IL committee for `slot N`.

> - **`Slot N`, `t=0 to 8s`**: After processing the block for `slot N` and confirming it as the head, each IL committee member of `slot N` constructs a local inclusion list based on the head and their view of the public mempool, then broadcasts it over the P2P network.

Reviewer: What happens between 8s and 9s? Can a IL committee member broadcast a new and first local IL?

Author: No an IL committee member should stop broadcasting new local ILs at  8s

> - **`Slot N`, `t=9s`**: IL committee members freeze their view of a set of local ILs and no longer produce new ones.

Reviewer 2: When we say `IL committee members` here, isn't it important to mention that attesters of `n+1` should also freeze their view to give a 2-second buffer for proposers to retrieve the rest of the attestations?

Author: it is! thanks for catching this

> - **`Slot N`, `t=9 to 11s`**: IL committee members continue forwarding the local ILs they are aware of but ignore any new ones. The block proposer and attesters of `slot N+1` continue listening to gossiped local inclusion lists. To ensure none are omitted, the block proposer can request for any missing local inclusion lists from a specific IL committee member via an RPC endpoint, for example, at `t=10s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`Slot N`, `t=9 to 11s`**: IL committee members continue forwarding the local ILs they are aware of but ignore any new ones. The block proposer and attesters of `slot N+1` continue listening to gossiped local ILs. To ensure none are omitted, the block proposer can request for any missing local ILs from its peer via an RPC endpoint, for example, at `t=10s`.
```

> - **`Slot N`, `t=11s`**: The block proposer freezes its local ILs view and IL committee members stop gossiping.

Reviewer 2: It may be worth mentioning that at 11s, the block proposer will update its block with local ILs. Up to you.

- **`Slot N+1`, `t=0s`**: The block proposer broadcasts `block B` for `slot N+1` with an execution payload that satisfies the IL constraints.
- **`Slot N+1`, `t=4s`**: The attesters accept `block B` only if it includes all transactions from the local inclusion lists, or if any missing transactions cannot be appended to the end of the execution payload, or if the block is full.

> #### Role and participants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Roles and participants
```

##### IL Committee Members

- **`Slot N`, `t=0 to 8s`**:

> IL committee members construct their local ILs and broadcast them over the P2P network after processing the block for slot `N` and confirming it as the head. If no block is received by `t=7s`, they should run `get_head` and build and release their local ILs based on their node’s canonical head.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IL committee members construct their local ILs and broadcast them over the P2P network after processing the block for `slot N` and confirming it as the head. If no block is received by `t=7s`, they should run `get_head` and build and release their local ILs based on their node’s canonical head.
```

> By default, local ILs are built by selecting raw transactions from the public mempool, ordered by priority fees, up to the local IL’s maximum size in bits (e.g., 8 kb per local IL). Additional rules can be optionally applied to maximize CR, such as prioritizing valid transactions that have been pending in the mempool the longest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, local ILs are built by selecting raw transactions from the public mempool, ordered by priority fees, up to the local IL’s maximum size in bits (e.g., 8 KB per local IL). Additional rules can be optionally applied to maximize CR, such as prioritizing valid transactions that have been pending in the mempool the longest.
```
kb is [kilobit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kilobit).

##### Nodes

- **`Slot N`, `t=0 to 8s`**:
Nodes receive local ILs from the P2P network and only forward and cache those that pass the CL P2P validation rules.

> 

Reviewer: I think it's better to define the behavior between 8s and 9s. It's not clear if nodes still do the same things as between 0 to 8s or do something else.

Author: You're right, for nodes they actually do the same until 9 sec, will change accordingly

- **`Slot N`, `t=9s`**:, IL freeze deadline:
Nodes freeze their local ILs view, stop forwarding and caching new local ILs.

---

> # CL P2P Validation Rules:

Reviewer: We can add a check for local IL size such as "the size of local IL does not exceed the maximum size allowed."

Author: agreed, added

1. The number of transactions in the local IL does not exceed the maximum gas limit allowed.
2. The slot of the local IL matches the current slot. Local ILs not matching the current slot should be ignored.
3. The parent hash of the IL is recognized.
4. The IL is received before the local IL freeze deadline (e.g., 9s) into the slot.
5. Received two or fewer local ILs from this IL committee member (see Local IL equivocation section below).
6. The local IL is correctly signed by the validator.
7. The validator is part of the IL committee.

---

##### Proposer

> 

Reviewer: I think it's good to define proposer's behavior between 0s and 11s. It has duty of listening to gossiped local ILs and caching them.

Author: agreed!

- **`Slot N`, `t=11s`**:
The proposer freezes its view of local ILs and asks the EL to update its execution payload by adding transactions from its view (the exact timings will be defined after running some tests/benchmarks). Optionally, an RPC endpoint can be added to allow the proposer to request the missing local ILs from its peers (e.g., by committee index).

- **`Slot N+1`, `t=0s`**:
The proposer broadcasts its block with the up-to-date execution payload satisfying IL transactions over the P2P network.

##### Attesters
- **`Slot N+1`, `t=0 to 4s`**:

> Attesters monitor the P2P network for the proposer’s block. Upon detecting the block, they check whether all transactions from their cached local ILs are included in the proposer’s execution payload. The `Valid` function verifies if the execution payload satisfies IL validity conditions either when all transactions are present or when any missing transactions are found to be invalid when appended to the end of the payload. In these cases, attesters use the EL to conduct `nonce` and `balance` checks and verify the validity of missing transactions.

Reviewer 2: It may be worth mentioning that `Valid` function is based on the frozen view of `t=9s` in the previous slot
